I would like to share my experience
buying hair extensions from braid hair
extensions calm so the ones i got was
came with 14 clippings and two of three
clip ins and another two of two clip ins
and another two of one clip ins so what
I love about my hair extensions are it's
very smooth and easy to wear I'm in a
rush to have enough Tommy doesn't matter
I when I mean to rush you just use my
144 clippings hair just weird one at the
back when I'm having a party going to
nice places I wear one for clippings and
two of two or either three clippings it
depends in location maybe just one of
three here and I don't wear anything
here you can choose because there are
seven clip-ins you can choose however
you want to wear it can combine it with
different ones maybe even in different
colors and it is also very natural
because it says it's hundred percent
human here you can dye it you can color
it I mean you can curl it you can
straighten it and I usually curl it
stretton it depends on what I'm wearing
and I love how it natural look it looks
natural and the delivery was definitely
fast and before i bought the product i
had so many questions I was so afraid to
buy it because it's
expensive it's pricey but there's a
there is a live cat that you can ask on
the site and delete the stuff pretty
sure her name was Ashley she was very
helpful which helped me decide what I
wanted to buy and let me show you how
this one's work um let's do the middle
let's put your hair in the middle I said
depends on the occasion what cliff wants
you want to wear and your hair depends
on how you want to wear your hair or
what you're wearing you can choose but
right now let's say this is my hairstyle
I'm wearing casual so I just want to
make my hair look casual so no no fancy
but this length of my hair you'll see
how the light goes longer and you can
also see how it looks fuller ok so you
click on here separate your hair first
and let's see let's try to clip-ons
look bad
put it on the line I'm trying to get
fast right now so it's not really
perfect but usually I did it better than
this till it's not a bit straight let's
straighten up a little bit you can
actually see how it's done beep tell
easy you can just clip it like this then
you put your hair down there you go more
volume more length imagine this curling
its threatening it you can curl it or
string it when the extensions on your
hair or you can do it while just holding
and I do both depends on my mood ii find
me to actually to properly edge it on my
hair but it's not a 22 22 ok the other
side
another two clips
it's actually easier to get front of the
mirror my looks awkward right now
because not actually the same what I'm
doing but just like that it's so easy to
clip
as you can see I have more volume in my
hair light on my hair and I can just
easily curl this there you go it
absolutely love my extensions from
bright hair essentials calm and I am
looking forward to doing business with
them again I'm thinking about buying
brighter brighter hair sessions to use
it as a young highlights for my hair
thank you for watching my clips and i
hope you liked it there goes my hair
extensions that looks super natural and
looks very nice on my hair thank you